oh hello dear youtube i am zentek
professionals and this is a little video to
ipad 2 in terms of gaming or too
In other words, what does ipad 2 do?
actually so attractive so have fun
at the video
one of the main reasons why you choose one
ipad2 increases is yes either the camera
So the two cameras it has now
or it 's the new hardware in there
is the video card
especially the one very very very
to deliver much better services
unlike the camera in the ipad 1
is installed some game was yes too
So already revised for a better
get a graphic
one of these games is, for example
infinity blade and also racing age the
and real racing 2 is now too
game
what I want to discuss in more detail in this
video and I have a lot there
interesting video seen from the
Developers of real racing each the 2
where they show that they have the ipad
and with this new double that is
a connector on edge tm dongle on the
one with the one the ipad 2 to the
TV can connect and all
so can also reflect the game and
the game uses that and gives 1080p
resolution to the television continues and
on the ipad itself you can do things
how to see the route so I show
Just do it here because of me
Show a few pictures so you
make yourself a picture of it
and I just link here
time up here
the video what you then synonymous times
can look like the whole because in act
In action, I find it very much
impressive that ipad 2s
manages to spend 1080p and in one
actually how to get it from one
Playstation 2 was used to it
or accustomed perhaps
a bit over but for
I personally am still one
This tablet is very impressive
been
and that raises the question
how does it look like with the gamen
The gaming will evolve like that
maybe an ipad seen in the long term
replace the game consoles
So an Xbox 360 or what then
comes or a playstation 3
the graphics also technically still far
This is not allowed in the ipad
to forget
but if we do it all the time
seen in the longer term
possibilities the ipad offers
of course a bit stupid with
he plays this double tuned to it
in the way and interferes with the steering network and
you have such a hdmi cable across
The room is not the best
solution would be really cool if it were so cool
It would be about airplay and man
sends the signal to the apple tv and
He then gives it to the TV
You could re-dial the cable
save up
and maybe what in the future where
Apple could work on it
but I see this whole
Game story on the ipad
but have very positive towards the beginning
I did not expect that
ipad so a game can be blatant
as it has become now
Many people just buy that
ipad is a great game for you
can play
and yes, there are also through the app store
a huge number of play for that
are available and also first class
Titles are the big ones
software manufacturers already have
all started for the app store too
develop so there you are good
canceled
There is no such thing elsewhere
For the other tablets, this is the moment
one can go there on the market at all
not even counting
and yes I just ask you now
I ask the room now what's up
you of that now of this whole
gaming history with the ipad as is
you against what do you believe it will be
to replace game consoles or
is something that comes to what a
other type of game also allows
of course, though, through the sensors
replace the traditional consoles
or not what do you think you wanted me to do
We are interested in your opinion
if you now the new video quality
like it then we would be happy if
Do it with a thumbs up
expresses and we are happy
on it more videos in this quality
to be able to do
and for all those videos not
want to miss
is subscribing to my head
button you should then maybe
press times so I'm fine
now from the pros and I'm out
People